"It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to your enemies, but a great deal more to stand up to your friends."
"It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live."
"To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure."
"If you want to know what a man’s like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals."
"Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean that it is not real?"
"Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living, and, above all, those who live without love."
"The truth. It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with caution"
"Numbing the pain for a while will make it worse when you finally feel it."
"Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike."
"You do care. You care so much you feel as though you will bleed to death with the pain of it."
"It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more."
"Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself."
"It is not our abilities that show what we truly are. It is our choices."
"Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light."
"Let us step into the night and pursue that flighty temptress, adventure."
"Understanding is the first step to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery."
"You place too much importance, and you always have done, on the so-called purity of blood! You fail to recognize that it matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be!"
"You place too much importance, and you always have done, on the so-called purity of blood! You fail to recognize that it matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be!"
"...we are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided... Differences of habit and language are nothing at all if our aims are identical and our hearts are open."
"Dark and difficult times lie ahead. Soon we must all face the choice between what is right and what is easy."
"Have you any idea how much tyrants fear the people they oppress? All of them realize that, one day, amongst their many victims, there is sure to be one who rises against them and strikes back!"
"Just like your mother, you're unfailingly kind. A trait people never fail to undervalue, I'm afraid."
"Words are, in my not so humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of magic, capable of both inflicting injury and remedying it."
"...perhaps those who are best suited to power are those who have never sought it. Those who, like you, have leadership thrust upon them, and take up the mantle because they must, and find to their own surprise that they wear it well."